hi my name is dusty we raised
long-haired chihuahua here and we're
gonna show give you a little lesson on
how to eat your toy dog to all the food
or whatever um how much
Chihuahuas can be more than just a lap
dog it's very good for their mind to
learn different things and we're not
going to be using any verbal commands
that were later on we're just gonna use
motions I'm gonna have my hand like this
towards him he was pretty excited and he
is just gonna have to figure out how to
get this tree out of my hand once he
figures that out he's old we worked with
him son I mean he's got probably four or
five lessons and fit so far so he's
still learning
he's 15 week old puppy very young and
we're just going to show you how we do
that
Kamisha
good boy chef good job soon as he gets
his little rear on the floor we're gonna
praise him and giving him the treat it's
very important that we connect the
fitting down to the hand gesture
good boy chef good job good boy chef is
still available so he's very very smart
boy good boy chef good chap now I'm
gonna show you I'm when I'm our dog
she's one of them all the dogs your name
is freckles she's very young but she's
pretty much in a different stage than he
is you don't want to work with your
puppy for very long and maybe a minute
at a time their mind gets Restless
it's a sparkle boys come here sweetie
good yeah freckles good girl
he's a good girl freckles too soon very
good good yes good girl good girl you
have any questions you can message me an
Amish lose your back or you can go to
our puppy website which is